= Overview

Gemsmith allows you to easily craft new gems via the command line with custom settings (if desired). If you are
a fan of Bundler[https://github.com/carlhuda/bundler], then you'll appreciate the additional capabilities of this
gem. Gemsmith is essentially an enhanced version of Bundler's gem building capabilities.

= Features

* Builds a gem skeleton with Bundler functionality in mind.
* Allows for common settings that can be applied to new gem creations.
* Supports binary skeletons with Thor[https://github.com/wycats/thor] command line functionality.
* Supports {Ruby on Rails}[http://rubyonrails.org] skeletons.
* Supports RSpec[http://rspec.info] test skeletons.
* Adds commonly needed README, CHANGELOG, LICENSE, etc. template files.
* Provides the ability to open any installed gem within your favorite editor.

= Requirements

1. Basic understanding of gem building.
2. A UNIX-based system.
3. {Ruby 1.9.x}[http://www.ruby-lang.org]
4. Bundler[https://github.com/carlhuda/bundler]

= Setup

Type the following from the command line to install:

  gem install gemsmith

You can configure common settings for future gem builds by creating the following file:

  ~/.gemsmith/settings.yml

...using the following settings (for example):

  --- 
  :author_name: Brooke Kuhlmann
  :author_email: brooke@redalchemist.com
  :author_url: http://www.redalchemist.com
  :company_name: Red Alchemist

If no options are configured, then the defaults are as follows:

  gem_platform: Gem::Platform::RUBY
  author_name: <git name>
  author_email: <git email>
  author_url: https://www.unknown.com
  gem_url: <author URL>
  company_name: <author name>
  company_url: <author URL>
  year: <current year>
  ruby_version: 1.9.0
  rails_version: 3.1.0
  post_install_message: nil

= Usage

From the command line, type: gemsmith help

  gemsmith -c, [create=GEM_NAME]  # Create new gem.
  gemsmith -e, [edit]             # Edit gem settings in default editor (assumes $EDITOR environment variable).
  gemsmith -h, [help]             # Show this message.
  gemsmith -o, [open=NAME]        # Opens gem in default editor (assumes $EDITOR environment variable).
  gemsmith -v, [version]          # Show version.

For more gem creation options, type: gemsmith help create

  -b, [--bin]    # Add binary support.
  -r, [--rails]  # Add Rails support.
  -s, [--rspec]  # Add RSpec support.
                 # Default: true

Also, don't forget that once you have created your gem skeleton, the following rake tasks are also
available to you via Bundler (i.e. rake -T):

  rake build    # Build <gem>-<version>.gem into the pkg directory
  rake install  # Build and install <gem>-<version>.gem into system gems
  rake release  # Create tag v0.1.1 and build and push <gem>-<version>.gem to Rubygems

= Best Practices

1. {Best Practices While Cutting Gems}[http://rubysource.com/crafting-rubies-best-practices-while-cutting-gems]
1. {Ruby on Rails Gem Packaging}[http://weblog.rubyonrails.org/2009/9/1/gem-packaging-best-practices]
2. Ensure the RUBYOPT env variable includes the -w option. {Details}[http://avdi.org/devblog/2011/06/23/how-ruby-helps-you-fix-your-broken-code/].

= Tests

To test, do the following:

1. cd to the gem root.
2. bundle install
3. bundle exec rspec spec

= Contributions

Please log all feedback/issues via {GitHub Issues}[https://github.com/bkuhlmann/gemsmith/issues]. Thanks.

= Credits

Developed by {Brooke Kuhlmann}[http://www.redalchemist.com] at {Red Alchemist}[http://www.redalchemist.com]

= License

Copyright (c) 2011 {Red Alchemist}[http://www.redalchemist.com].
Read the LICENSE for details.

= History

Read the CHANGELOG for details.
